number value is 0 and number is even
number value is 1 and number is odd
number value is 4 and number is even
number value is 9 and number is odd
number value is 16 and number is even
number value is 25 and number is odd
number value is 36 and number is even
number value is 0 and number is even
number value is 1 and number is odd
number value is 4 and number is even
number value is 9 and number is odd
number value is 16 and number is even
number value is 25 and number is odd
number value is 36 and number is even
number value is 0 and number is even
number value is 1 and number is odd
number value is 4 and number is even
number value is 9 and number is odd
number value is 16 and number is even
number value is 25 and number is odd
number value is 36 and number is even
