number value is 0 and number is even
number value is 1 and number is odd
number value is 4 and number is even
number value is 9 and number is odd
number value is 16 and number is even
number value is 25 and number is odd
number value is 36 and number is even
number value is 49 and number is odd
number value is 64 and number is even
number value is 0 and number is even
number value is 1 and number is odd
number value is 4 and number is even
number value is 9 and number is odd
number value is 16 and number is even
number value is 25 and number is odd
number value is 36 and number is even
number value is 49 and number is odd
number value is 64 and number is even
number value is 81 and number is odd
number value is 100 and number is even
number value is 121 and number is odd
number value is 144 and number is even
number value is 169 and number is odd
number value is 0 and number is even
number value is 1 and number is odd
number value is 4 and number is even
number value is 9 and number is odd
number value is 16 and number is even
number value is 25 and number is odd
number value is 36 and number is even
number value is 49 and number is odd
number value is 64 and number is even
number value is 81 and number is odd
number value is 100 and number is even
number value is 121 and number is odd
number value is 144 and number is even
number value is 169 and number is odd
